# Meeting Notes | 2024-03-05
---
## Opening (5 minutes)
Quick round of introductions (if there are new members).
Brief recap of the last meeting's highlights and any updates since.
## Project Progress Overview (5 minutes)
Presentation of progress on project milestones since the last meeting.
Brief discussion on the integration of ChannelOnline with the NRR Sales Process based on the workflow diagrams.

- Review the `quoting-process-definition` document
- Review the integration configurations for both SF & CW
## Issues and Resolutions (10 minutes)
Review of any issues encountered with ChannelOnline or other tools since the last meeting.
Discussion of solutions implemented or proposed solutions for unresolved issues.
Consideration of any changes to the process flows as reflected in the diagrams if needed.

- Account Type Mapping
- Scheduled Imports not running on schedule
## Risks and Mitigation (5 minutes)
Update on any new risks identified and the status of existing risks.
Quick review of mitigation actions taken and their effectiveness.

- Current integration `SF-CW` conflicting with the TO-BE process integrating `COL-CW-SF`
- Knowledge base & training
## Q&A Session (3 minutes)
Open floor for any questions or concerns from the team members.
Encourage team members to raise any issues they are facing.

- Can we notify the client at various stages in the quoting process?
- We do not want to manually
- Schedule follow-up for fields to capture in Spark Form
- COL: How can we easily display the manual sync button at the dashboard level for records?
- Clean-up to Meriplex Solutions from Communications
- Is there a shipping connector for COL?
## Next Steps and Action Items (2 minutes)
Confirmation of tasks and responsibilities for the next two weeks.
Setting deadlines for any immediate deliverables.

- Meeting with COL, scheduled for tomorrow 2024-03-06 from 12:00PM - 1:00PM, to review outstanding questions, issues, comments, and concerns. (forward)
- Complete integration configuration in the sandbox environments.
- User Acceptance Testing.